Update EIP overview pages (#738)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-endpoints/overview.md

# Messaging Endpoints

An [endpoint]({{base_path}}/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-systems/message-endpoint) is used to connect an application to a messaging channel so that the application can send or receive messages.

> This chapter introduces various endpoint patterns and how each can be simulated using WSO2 Micro Integrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section introduces various endpoint patterns and how each can be simulated using the WSO2 Micro Integrator.
```
